Qa Automation: Project Setup + Home page (#164)
WomenWhoCode/london: london_automated/README.md

## How to Run Tests Locally

1. Run on terminal `cd /your/project/path`
2. `npm install cypress --save-dev` - This will install Cypress locally as a dev dependency for your project.
3. Run `npx cypress open` from your project root
4. Select E2E testing

> ![Open Cypress](welcome_cypress.jpg)

Reviewer: Please, upload welcome_cypress.jpg as well

Author: Done

> 5. 

Reviewer: Will be there additional step? :)

Author: Done

> 

Reviewer 2: I think it also would be nice to give a brief explanation of what automation has done so far. And external links about Cypress and the dependencies you are using.

Author: Added the link to the official Cypress website with their documentation. As for the dependencies that the project is using, I don't think this is information for README. This info can be found in '../e2e-tests/package.json'.

> ## How to Run Tests Locally

Reviewer 2: I think you can keep this info inside of the main README, or if you prefer outside, please add a reference in the main page about `How to run End-to-End Testing Locally` or something like this

Author: Moved README info to the main one.

> 1. Run on terminal `cd /your/project/path`

Reviewer 2: I think would be easier if you explain to to main folder of the repository.
```suggestion
1. Open your terminal in the main folder for ex: `cd ~/workspace/london`
```

Author: Done

2. `npm install cypress --save-dev` - This will install Cypress locally as a dev dependency for your project.
3. Run `npx cypress open` from your project root
4. Select E2E testing

![Open Cypress](https://i.ibb.co/4VNPFjf/welcome-cypress.png)

5. Select *E2E testing* option.

6. Choose your browser and click *Start E2E testing in..*..

> ![Browser Selection](https://i.ibb.co/kQxJpmJ/browser-selection.png)

Reviewer 2: I think would be better to create a folder of images, for example, and you add the images not external links, and it would be opened direction in the readme file.

Author: I set the rule not to delete these images ever from the image hosting server, so they'll be available. 
Since I didn't find a quick solution to add these images directly to the repo (they were showing with a question mark icon in the output README), I decided not to block by this issue. So for now I don't see any problems with storing them in the hosting. Please let me know if it's still an issue, I'll create a separate task to research it deeper.
